{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2509
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue104;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red159\green242\blue92;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red251\green0\blue7;\red251\green0\blue7;\red251\green0\blue7;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c48136;
\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c67668\c94348\c43431;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;
\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c99788\c11822\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c12195\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c12195\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww32760\viewh10160\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 Race/Ethnicity and Type of HOUSING/EXIT account for \cf3 \cb4 3.003 (combined)\cf2 \cb1 \
\
\cf5 \cb6  0.1364     :   How long has it been since you lived in permanent stable housing?  (At time of VI-SPDAT)\
 0.0504     :   Do you have any legal stuff going on right now that may result in you being locked up, having to pay nes, or that make it more dif cult to rent a place to live? \
 0.1197     :   Do you ever do things that may be considered to be risky like exchange sex for money, food, drugs, or a place to stay, run drugs for someone, have unprotected sex with someone you don\'92t know, share a needle, or anything like that? \
 0.1321     :   Is your current homelessness in any way caused by a relationship that broke down, an unhealthy or abusive relationship, or because family or friends caused you to become evicted?\
\cf7 \cb6  0.0111     :   Do you have any chronic health issues with your liver, kidneys, stomach, lungs or heart? \cf8 \cb6 \
 0.0249     :   When you are sick or not feeling well, do you avoid getting medical help? \
 0.0317     :   Has your drinking or drug use led you to being kicked out of an apartment or program where you were staying in the past? \
 0.1059     :   A mental health issue or concern? \
 0.0911     :   A past head injury? \
 0.3075     :   TRIMORBIDITY\
 0.0740     :   Are there any medications that a doctor said you should be taking that, for whatever reason, you are not taking? \
 0.0633     :   Are there any medications like painkillers that you don\'92t take the way the doctor prescribed or where you sell the medication? \
 0.0965     :   YES/NO Trauma or abuse\
 0.0646     :   Nights Registered in Shelter in Last 24 months\cf9 \cb6 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf10 \cb11 -0.2992     :   In the last three years, how many times have you been homeless? \
-0.0901     :   Do you get any money from the government, a pension, an inheritance, working under the table, a regular job, or anything like that? \
-0.0830     :   Do you have planned activities, other than just surviving, that make you feel happy and fulfilled? \
-0.0948     :   Are you currently able to take care of basic needs like bathing, changing clothes, using a restroom, getting food and clean water and other things like that? \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf10 \cb12 -0.0507     :   Do you have any physical disabilities that would limit the type of housing you could access, or would make it hard to live independently because you\'92d need help? \cf9 \cb13 \
-0.0835     :   Self Identified Gender\
-0.1003     :   Identifies as LGBTQQI2\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1  0.0000     :   Pet\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf10  0.0000     :   ER\
 0.0000     :   Ambulance\
 0.0000     :   Crisis\
 0.0000     :   Police\
 0.0000     :   Jail or Prison\
 0.0000     :   Have you been attacked or beaten up since you\'92ve become homeless? \
 0.0000     :   Have you threatened to or tried to harm yourself or anyone else in the last year? \
 0.0000     :   Age\
 0.0000     :   Where do you sleep most frequently? \
 0.0000     :   Does anybody force or trick you to do things that you do not want to do? \
 0.0000     :   A learning disability, developmental disability, or other impairment? \
 0.0000     :   Do you have any mental health or brain issues that would make it hard for you to live independently because you\'92d need help? \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf10 \cb14  0.0000     :   Will drinking or drug use make it dif cult for you to stay housed or afford your housing? \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf10 \cb1  0.0000     :   Are you currently pregnant?\
 0.0000     :   If there was space available in a program that speci cally assists people that live with HIV or AIDS, would that be of interest to you? \
 0.0000     :   Have you ever had to leave an apartment, shelter program, or other place you were staying because of your physical health? \
 0.0000     :   Is there any person, past landlord, business, bookie, dealer, or government group like the IRS that thinks you owe them money? }